‎AGENT KIM REACTIVATED
‎EPISODE 1
‎Are you kidding me right now?
‎Move your car! It's blocking the road!
‎Goodness gracious.
‎Jeez, just walk if you're in a rush.
‎I'm starving. When will the food be ready?
‎I know. It's taking so long.
‎When is our food going to be ready?
‎You're drunk!
‎What was that?
‎Damn it. What the hell?
‎Hey, you. Come here.
‎Damn it, it's broken.
‎Goddamn it. Come here.
‎Hey, I said come here!
‎Where the hell are you going?
‎Hey!
‎Who do you think you are?
‎Are you pulling ‎an insurance scam or something?
‎If you bump into someone's car,
‎you should be down on your knees ‎begging for forgiveness.
‎This needs to be replaced entirely.
‎I wonder how much it'll cost.
‎I think my arm is okay,
‎so you can just go.
‎Man, you're unbelievable.
‎I'm really okay, so you can leave.
‎Are you serious right now?
‎Have you lost your damn mind?
‎Do you have a death wish?
‎What?
‎What are you looking at?
‎I'm sorry.
‎I apologize.
‎It's too late for that.
‎Try running your mouth again.
‎Come on, let's get going. We're late.
‎Let's go.
‎Go on, then.
‎I'll accept your apology.
‎Let's call it even with this.
‎Wow, have you been working out these days?
‎-That was a nice punch. ‎-Is he dead?
‎-Should we cover him with a blanket? ‎-Goddamn it!
‎AGENT KIM REACTIVATED
‎Good morning!
‎I think you're missing a button.
‎-I don't think so. ‎-Are you sure?
‎Let me sweep this for you.
‎No, it's okay.
‎-Let me do it for you. ‎-Thank you.
‎YOUR CHILD'S REBELLIOUS PHASE
‎KIM MIN-JI
‎RESTRICTED AREA
‎Min-ji, wake up.
‎ENTER WITHOUT PERMISSION AND YOU'LL DIE!
‎Min-ji.
‎Kim Min-ji, you're late!
‎-It's time for break-- ‎-Enough about breakfast!
‎Does anyone give you crap ‎if I skip breakfast?
‎Don't smile!
‎You're a student,
‎so you need a solid meal before school.
‎Kim Min-ji!
‎SCHOOL NOTICE ‎EMERGENCY CONTACT FORM
‎MOTHER: X ‎SIBLINGS: X
‎Hey, Min-ji.
‎I need the name of a close friend
‎and their phone number.
‎Kim Min-ji!
‎Kang Hye-ryeong.
‎Her number is 010-0610-6003.
‎I filled out the form. ‎Have some breakfast.
‎I'm late.
‎-Your report card ‎-Don't look at that!
‎-Level eight? What happened? ‎-The higher the number, the better.
‎-Right? ‎-The rules have changed.
‎I told you before.
‎-Take it easy on the studying. ‎-Okay.
‎Kang
‎Hye
‎ryeong.
‎LAUNDRY
‎Min-ji!
‎-Hello. ‎-Hey.
‎How's your father doing?
‎-What do you mean? ‎-Well, the thugs
‎Never mind.
‎By the way, ‎why don't you alter your uniform?
‎I'm an expert at altering, you know.
‎It's okay. I never know ‎when I'll be transferring again.
‎That's my bus.
‎What?
‎Have a good day.
‎Gosh, her uniform ‎is always perfectly pressed.
‎Mr. Kim!
‎Are you okay?
‎You seem okay.
‎I saw those thugs ‎provoking you that night.
‎I'm sorry I couldn't step in.
‎I'm quite the scaredy-cat, you see.
‎I would've done the same in your shoes.
‎Goodness, Mr. Kim.
‎You should really press your suit.
‎That's what a dry cleaner is for.
‎Come on, you live right above one.
‎That just hurts my pride.
‎I'll drop it off next time.
‎I'll press this for you in a jiffy. ‎Let's go inside.
‎-Come on. ‎-I have to catch the bus.
‎Let me press it for you.
‎Wait.
‎Mr. Kim.
‎Mr. Kim!
‎Jeez. Like father, like daughter.
‎They're exactly the same.
‎My sales pitch never works on them.
‎Wait!
‎Thank you.
‎Sorry, coming through.
‎Don't push!
‎Don't run. You'll get hurt.
‎SCHOOL VIOLENCE ‎DON'T STAND BY, PROTECT VICTIMS!
‎-Did you have breakfast? ‎-Yes, sir.
‎-Good morning, sir. ‎-Hey.
‎-You need to say hello like this. ‎-You're right.
‎SANGSAENG SAVINGS BANK
‎Hello, Manager Kim. ‎You're first as always.
‎Hello.
‎SAVINGS BANK ‎LOAN APPLICATIONS & INQUIRIES
‎Customer number 155, please.
‎CORPORATE CARD CHARGES
‎SEOREUNG CO., LTD. / CHINESE FOOD
‎REQUESTER: KANG HAK-SU ‎DIVISION: TREASURY
‎LEAVE REQUEST HISTORY
‎I've taken a look at your assets, and
‎Sir.
‎What is it?
‎These are the corporate card charges.
‎You charged 95,000 won for Chinese food ‎the Wednesday before last.
‎So?
‎You were on leave that day ‎for your wedding anniversary.
‎The receipt is missing as well, ‎so maybe there was an oversight?
‎Kim, do you eat a lot of fish ‎for brain food?
‎Excuse me?
‎How is your memory so good?
‎Oh, well, I do try to eat a lot of fish. ‎I like mackerel in particular.
‎Stop eating mackerel and saury
‎and learn how to bend the rules instead.
‎Be flexible.
‎Just write it off ‎as a company dinner expense.
‎Yes, sir.
‎I'll write it off ‎as a company dinner expense.
‎Thank you so much ‎for remembering my wedding anniversary.
‎No problem.
‎Jeez, he's so frustrating.
‎PLEASE USE THE NEXT COUNTER
‎Let's call it even with this.
‎SELF-DEFENSE ITEMS
‎I have to pre-order and stand in line ‎just to get some dessert?
‎What time does this start?
‎-Mr. Kim. ‎-Jeez, you scared me!
‎What is it, Sang-a?
‎Is something wrong? ‎Why are you looking up self-defense items?
‎Oh, it's nothing.
‎Wait, are you going to use it at night
‎on Mr. Kang?
‎Mr. Kang?
‎Of course not.
‎It's not that.
‎My neighborhood feels unsafe these days.
‎Hey, Sang-a.
‎This looks useful, right?
‎It's easy to carry around ‎and seems effective.
‎Is it for you?
‎I think it's for women.
‎Min-ji's birthday is coming up.
‎Oh, it's your daughter's birthday.
‎How old is she?
‎She's a high school junior.
‎A self-defense item ‎for a high school girl
‎Why don't you just ask her what she wants?
‎I'd like to,
‎but she won't talk to me these days.
‎She just avoids me.
‎Sounds like she's going through ‎a late rebellious phase.
‎Don't worry so much. ‎They're all like that at that age.
‎Maybe things might be better ‎if her mom was around.
‎I'll help you choose a gift.
‎-Really? ‎-I'm going to the department store anyway.
‎Let's go together after work.
‎No, you don't have to do--
‎We'll leave at six o'clock sharp.
‎Hey, Kim Min-ji.
‎Min-ji.
‎Lend me your gym clothes.
‎Hye-ryeong, you didn't return them ‎the last time, so I had to track you down.
‎Come on, we're friends. I'm begging you.
‎What's this?
‎Thank you. I'll bring it right back.
‎Jeez, wash your clothes.
‎Hey, Ju Hye-ri, what's this?
‎My dad got it for me on his business trip.
‎It's so pretty.
‎-I've never seen this from this brand. ‎-Me neither.
‎It's not available in Korea.
‎It's limited edition.
‎Mine's just cheap fast-fashion.
‎I'm so jealous, Hye-ri.
‎Yeah, yours looks cheap.
‎Does it really?
‎-How much was it? ‎-It was 5,000 won.
‎What's with her?
‎Has she lost her mind?
‎Forget it.
‎Leave her alone.
‎You'll get that old widower reek on you.
‎Hey, it's Kim Nam-hoon.
‎He's not even trying to hide ‎that he's here to see Hye-ri.
‎Hye-ri, do you have a minute?
‎Hey, dude.
‎WOMEN
‎Hey, what flavor was that again?
‎Grape.
‎-Can I try it? ‎-No.
‎-Come on, let me hit it once. ‎-Smoke your own.
‎Okay, okay.
‎-One more puff. ‎-No.
‎-Let's swap. ‎-No.
‎-Come on, just for a day. ‎-I said no. I like this flavor.
‎Hey.
‎Damn, it reeks like an old widower here.
‎The cigarette smell on you is worse.
‎What did you just say?
‎I asked you a question.
‎Don't look at me like that.
‎I said don't look at me like that!
‎Hey!
‎That's enough.
‎Stop picking on that pathetic kid.
‎Why am I pathetic?
‎I mean, just look at you.
‎You're pathetic.
‎SANGSAENG SAVINGS BANK
‎Mr. Kim!
‎-Hi, Sang-a. ‎-Let's go get your daughter's gift.
‎Did you mean it earlier?
‎Seriously? I'm hurt.
‎I mean, are you sure? ‎I don't want to be a nuisance.
‎If you don't want to, then no worries.
‎Goodbye.
‎Sang-a!
‎Wait.
‎Sang-a.
‎There it is.
‎PRE-ORDER LINE
‎-What the heck? ‎-Mr. Kim.
‎What's this?
‎-Give me your credit card. ‎-My credit card?
‎It'll only take longer if we go together.
‎You can wait in line here ‎while I buy your daughter's gift.
‎It's a win-win situation.
‎I texted you a screenshot ‎of my pre-order DM,
‎so you just have to pick it up ‎when it's your turn.
‎A screenshot?
‎Hold on.
‎I can't view photos on my phone.
‎How many zeros is this?
‎What? 500,000 won?
‎Next in line, please.
‎Oh, right.
‎I need to confirm your pre-order.
‎It's under Jung Sang-a.
‎Not the name. ‎I need to see the pre-order DM.
‎What's a DM?
‎If your pre-order isn't confirmed, ‎you'll have to move to the walk-in line.
‎WALK-IN LINE
‎But she said she pre-ordered--
‎-Next in line, please. ‎-Jeez, come on.
‎Here.
‎Okay, you're all set.
‎Thank you.
‎Come on, Mr. Kim. ‎It's your daughter's birthday.
‎I'm sorry, but I'd like a refund.
‎Just a minute, please.
‎I stay on top of current trends, you know.
‎This is the trend these days. ‎Just trust me and buy it.
‎My daughter is in high school.
‎It makes no sense for a high schooler ‎to wear a T-shirt that costs 500,000 won.
‎-Refund, please. ‎-Yes, it's expensive.
‎But this is the secret weapon ‎to get through her rebellious phase.
‎Imagine the worst-case scenario.
‎"Worst-case"?
‎"As my dad, ‎what have you ever done for me?"
‎If she says that, it'll be the end ‎of your father-daughter relationship.
‎You need to do something big ‎to prepare for the worst-case scenario
‎and say something back to her.
‎"I bought you a 500,000 won T-shirt!"
‎Something like that.
‎This is super popular ‎among kids these days.
‎She'll think, "My out-of-touch dad ‎is actually pretty cool."
‎I bet she'll look at you differently.
‎Min-ji, I'm home.
‎When did you get home?
‎What are you doing?
‎Kim Min-ji.
‎I'm talking to you.
‎Don't wash your clothes with mine anymore.
‎They make mine smell like an old man.
‎All right.
‎Then from now on,
‎do your own laundry.
‎JU HYE-RI
‎PEOPLE TAGGED IN THIS PHOTO
‎KIM NAM-HOON
‎Wait, why can't I unlike this?
‎Who are you?
‎Oh gosh.
‎Dad.
‎Go to sleep in your room.
‎What is it, Min-ji?
‎I said go to sleep in your room.
‎Right.
‎Dad.
‎Yeah?
‎About what I said earlier
‎I forgot to do the dishes.
‎You can do it in the morning.
‎Just go sleep.
‎Okay. You should go to bed too.
‎Good morning!
‎I think you're missing a button.
‎You sure it's okay?
‎DOWON LAUNDRY
‎What's gotten into her?
‎All right, then.
‎I'll make Min-ji's favorite.
‎Soy sauce egg rice.
‎-Hey! ‎-I need my gym clothes.
‎Did you see the look on her face?
‎-Hye-ryeong, wake up. ‎-What is it?
‎I have PE next period. ‎Where are my gym clothes?
‎I gave them back to you.
‎When? I never got them.
‎I left them on your desk.
‎Hurry up.
‎Hey, Min-ji.
‎Check the trash can.
‎KIM MIN-JI
‎Did you see the look on her face?
‎I just played volleyball, ‎so it'll smell like sweat.
‎What?
‎Five-on-five match in ten minutes!
‎The losing team will clean for a month.
‎Min-ji.
‎Kim Min-ji, come here.
‎Why are you only wearing
‎half of your gym clothes?
‎Are you going to play basketball ‎in a skirt?
‎-I forgot. ‎-"Kim Nam-hoon"?
‎Nam-hoon didn't lend you his pants?
‎All right, double punch! One!
‎-Taekwon! ‎-Taekwon!
‎Two!
‎Now, triple punch! One!
‎-Taekwondo! ‎-Taekwondo!
‎Two!
‎Back to ready!
‎Kicking stance, ready!
‎One!
‎Two!
‎Proper mind!
‎Nice!
‎Proper body! Nice.
‎Proper posture!
‎Proper
‎Whatever!
‎I wasn't done.
‎That's it for today.
‎Let's go play!
‎Come on.
‎It's okay.
‎My goodness.
‎I can't tell if this is a Taekwondo studio ‎or a daycare center.
‎Jin-cheol, why would you
‎Jeez, Jin-cheol. ‎What's the matter with you?
‎Jin-cheol!
‎Hey.
‎Who asked that person to help out?
‎No one did.
‎Let's cross the road!
‎Come on, kids. Let's cross now!
‎-You can cross the road. ‎-Go slowly.
‎Cross the road, kids!
‎I said cross the road!
‎Go ahead. What's wrong?
‎Why aren't you crossing?
‎-Mommy, I'm scared! ‎-Are you scared of the cars?
‎Goodness, let me help you.
‎-Here we go. ‎-Let's go!
‎All right.
‎Oh my!
‎My goodness, sir!
‎Where are you going?
‎Over there?
‎Got it! All right.
‎-Let's go! ‎-Wait!
‎-Is he stealing the cart? ‎-Surely not. He's probably just helping.
‎I have to go this way!
‎No!
‎It's this way!
‎How wonderful is it
‎to be needed
‎and to help others?
‎In these dark and rough times,
‎I will be a positive force ‎and a guiding light.
‎You did well today, Park Jin-cheol.
‎KOREAN MARINE VETERANS FEDERATION
‎Copy that. Start operation.
‎Unit 911, fall back. I'm taking the lead.
‎Grenade out.
‎Out of the way. That's it!
‎Get out of the way. That's it.
‎Act like true Marines!
‎Grenade out! Fall back!
‎Bomb!
‎PURE TAEKWONDO
‎Retreat! Fall back!
‎Don't come out! Move aside!
‎Hey! Didn't you hear what I just said?
‎Get them!
‎I'll do it!
‎Oh, damn it.
‎Hold on.
‎Did you hear something?
‎Don't make any footsteps.
‎What's that noise? A bomb. It's a bomb!
‎Hey.
‎You were in here?
‎Man, all I did was kick in a door, ‎and now my leg hurts.
‎Gosh, it hurts.
‎What are you looking at?
‎Why aren't you greeting your senior?
‎You crazy little
‎Don't you know how to knock?
‎Why did you kick my office door ‎like a donkey?
‎Is this my doorknob?
‎I did knock, 12 times.
‎You didn't hear me because of your game.
‎A Taekwondo master like you ‎should have better manners.
‎Jeez!
‎Everybody, fall in.
‎What are you, a kid?
‎This is an important battle, okay?
‎You want to end up like that door?
‎Kim should be getting off work now.
‎Hurry up and go before I smash that.
‎What does him getting off work ‎have to do with me?
‎Today's the one day out of the year ‎we get together!
‎That's today?
‎Seriously, it's today?
‎Oh man.
‎I must be getting old.
‎It slipped my mind.
‎Come on. Let's go see how much he's aged.
‎Goodness gracious.
‎Hey, what are you going to do about this?
‎Huh?
‎Just stick it back in.
‎"Just stick it back in"?
‎I can just stick it in?
‎All right.
‎It's nice and cold. Drink up.
‎Yeah, give me soju.
‎Right here.
‎That white Taekwondo uniform ‎is getting on my damn nerves.
‎It's embarrassing. ‎Go sit over there alone.
‎I came straight here ‎after dropping the kids off.
‎Don't flip the meat yet.
‎You're one to talk. ‎Take a look at yourself.
‎Are you going on a mission after you eat?
‎Hey, what's wrong with this? ‎You embarrassed?
‎Who looks more ridiculous ‎between the two of us?
‎I just need to take off my jacket.
‎Wow.
‎Look, it's Da-bin. Say hello.
‎-Hi. ‎-Hi.
‎I wear this because I miss my daughter.
‎She's out and about all the time,
‎so I never get to see her.
‎But if I look in the mirror, I can say,
‎"Hey, look who it is. ‎It's my daughter, Da-bin!"
‎"It's me, your dad. Good to see you."
‎"So, are you coming home today?"
‎Da-bin seems embarrassed by you.
‎She can't hold her head up.
‎Let me help her with that.
‎Hey.
‎You're reminding me of the door.
‎Do you need me ‎to put you in your place again?
‎The meat is burning.
‎You're ridiculous.
‎No answer or anything. He just walks by.
‎-Seriously? ‎-Here.
‎-All right, all right. ‎-Let's drink.
‎-Cheers. ‎-Cheers.
‎I wonder who Tae-hun takes after ‎to be so rude.
‎-You. ‎-You.
‎Right, I'm rude.
‎These drinks taste bittersweet tonight.
‎But you know what?
‎Raising Da-bin is what keeps me going.
‎You know, I may not be as strong
‎or as successful as before,
‎but I like my life right now.
‎-You punk. ‎-But I have to say,
‎Da-bin grew up too quickly.
‎She was such a cute little baby,
‎but now that she's in high school, ‎she refuses to listen to me.
‎Soon enough, she'll meet someone
‎and get married, right?
‎And we'll grow further apart, right?
‎That just
‎Just thinking about it breaks my heart.
‎Da-bin.
‎Please don't leave me.
‎You're not a fool for your daughter. ‎You're just a fool.
‎I have to go.
‎-Already? ‎-Already?
‎Min-ji's alone.
‎Hey, she might not like it ‎if you always rush home early.
‎Don't drink too much and go home.
‎-What's this? ‎-Give it to your kids.
‎-Jeez, come on. ‎-You shouldn't have.
‎-Hey, hold on. ‎-Wait a minute.
‎Just sit down for a bit. Two more minutes.
‎Don't be so cold.
‎You didn't have to.
‎Hey, Da-bin. ‎Your uncle gave you pocket money.
‎-Listen, Kim. ‎-You should thank him.
‎Let's see each other more often, okay?
‎Seriously, once a year? That's ridiculous.
‎If we meet once a year,
‎-that's only 35 more times at best. ‎-That's true.
‎I understand the decision you made ‎after your wife passed away,
‎but you need to live your own life too.
‎When will you stop making your daughter ‎the sole focus of your life?
‎-Min-ji's grown up now. ‎-He's right.
‎She'll have a boyfriend soon too.
‎She's still a kid.
‎The more you hover over your kids,
‎the more suffocated they'll feel.
‎Stop being so damn annoying!
‎Come on, can't we have a quiet meal?
‎He's pissing me off!
‎-Can you just put out your cigarette? ‎-Why?
‎This is a terrace! ‎Why do I have to put it out?
‎There are other customers here.
‎What other customers? Who?
‎Who?
‎-Stop staring. ‎-What are you looking at?
‎What? You pissed off?
‎He must be really pissed.
‎What?
‎Don't. This has nothing to do with us.
‎We're middle-aged men ‎who tolerate injustice.
‎We're no longer young.
‎We're just middle-aged men with glasses.
‎Right?
‎We already paid, so let's go.
‎Come on.
‎Get up.
‎Hey, grunt! Where are you going?
‎-Enough already. ‎-Let go of me.
‎You off to scrub the slop bucket?
‎Jin-cheol. You remember, right?
‎Right.
‎We're just middle-aged men with glasses.
‎What? You scared?
‎You were glaring at me earlier.
‎Get over here, you asshole!
‎Hey, grunt. Why don't you do some drills?
‎Come on, give me 20 reps.
‎One, two!
‎What's that?
‎This is embarrassing. Who's this?
‎She's pretty!
‎How cute.
‎Why don't you introduce me to her?
‎I'll treat her really well.
‎Rock and roll!
‎Jin-cheol.
‎What the hell?
‎You fat pig!
‎Hey, pig, get up.
‎Let me borrow your bag.
‎Kim, shouldn't we stop him?
‎Where did he go?
‎Did you see a tall guy with glasses ‎in a depressing black suit?
‎A tall guy.
‎Hey, Kim
‎Fine, just go.
‎Is this the police?
‎There's a fight going on right now.
‎Yes, a serious fight. Someone might die.
‎Please hurry!
‎No, no. You're dead if you use that. ‎No, don't do that.
‎He should run. Is he frozen or something?
‎Stop.
‎Stop!
‎Officer, shoot something!
‎-Shoot your gun! ‎-Gun?
‎Shoot something! Anything! Hurry!
‎Hurry!
‎Whose jacket is this? "Kim Nam-hoon"?
‎-What are you doing? ‎-Who's Kim Nam-hoon?
‎I don't know.
‎What's the matter with you?
‎Have a good day.
‎Min-ji's grown up now.
‎He's right. ‎She'll have a boyfriend soon too.
‎Does she have a boyfriend?
‎Hey.
‎Do you know where Kim Nam-hoon is?
‎I'm not sure.
‎I need to give this back.
‎-You could've left it on my desk. ‎-What?
‎You were looking for me, right?
‎Oh, I just wanted to thank you.
‎-That's it? ‎-Well
‎I can give you this.
‎Really? Strawberry milk?
‎What am I, a kid?
‎You're the one who liked my post, right?
‎What?
‎I'm not on social media.
‎Oh, yeah?
‎Then what's this?
‎KIM NAM-HOON
‎I can DM you, right?
‎Yeah.
‎Never mind. You should DM me first.
‎Hey.
‎But you have to DM me back.
‎I'll think about it.
‎-Why? What's there to think about? ‎-What?
‎Why can't I think about it?
‎You can't do that. ‎You told me to DM you first.
‎Come out. Hye-ri wants to see you.
‎Get up.
‎You know why I hit you, right?
‎Hye-ri asked you a question. Answer her.
‎You still don't know?
‎You hit on Hye-ri's boyfriend, ‎you sly bitch.
‎I never did that.
‎All I did was return his gym clothes.
‎Why did you borrow them ‎in the first place?
‎Who do you think you are?
‎Why didn't you wear ‎your own goddamn gym clothes?
‎Because you guys threw them in the trash.
‎Don't worry.
‎I have no reason to contact him.
‎I don't want anything to do with you.
‎Hey, it seems like you're mistaken.
‎I'm not pissed ‎because you tried to take my toy.
‎It's because of your stench.
‎I'm pissed because it'll rub off on him.
‎She has no idea.
‎Grab her.
‎Get up.
‎How do I describe this smell?
‎It's like a cheap suit
‎shoved in the back of a closet
‎Oh, I know.
‎It's the smell of a motherless child.
‎Hey.
‎-You think you know me?! ‎-You crazy bitch!
‎Who do you think you are?!
‎Who do you think you are? Huh?!
‎-Hye-ri, are you okay? ‎-Who the hell do you think you are?!
‎Hey!
‎You think you know me so well?!
‎-What the hell do you know?! ‎-Get off her!
‎-Get off her already! ‎-Stop!
‎It wasn't just a fight. ‎It was an assault, Mr. Kim.
‎Min-ji just attacked her.
‎I'll be right there.
‎Please hurry.
‎I'm about to lose my job.
‎Why did it have to be Hye-ri?
‎The victim's father is the chairman ‎of Juhak Construction.
‎You've heard of them, right?
‎You built this hotel as well,
‎didn't you, Chairman Ju?
‎Yes.
‎My daughter had graduated ‎from elementary school,
‎so it was about four years ago.
‎Oh, you have a daughter.
‎She must be pretty if she takes after you.
‎You're too kind.
‎Anyway, this is the first time ‎I've had a meeting in a spa.
‎There's no need to watch what we say ‎or hide anything here.
‎All right, then.
‎Let me ask you point-blank.
‎What's in it for me ‎if this redevelopment plan goes through?
‎It'll provide a better living environment ‎for your constituents.
‎And?
‎It'll create
‎a much more favorable environment ‎for your political fundraising.
‎Twice as much as last time.
‎All right. Let's do this together.
‎There must be something in the water. ‎I feel refreshed to my very core.
‎I should get going now.
‎Please take your time.
‎Goodness, Chairman Ju.
‎What happened to your body?
‎Oh, it's not a pretty sight, is it?
‎I got some tattoos on a whim ‎when I was younger,
‎but I regretted them ‎after I started my business.
‎I was ashamed to show my daughter too.
‎So I just burned them off myself ‎with a torch.
‎With a torch?
‎Why didn't you go to a hospital?
‎I guess it was a pledge ‎not to go back to my old life.
‎But still, it must've been very painful.
‎It was nothing compared to what I've done ‎to make it this far.
‎It was more painful
‎for those who didn't keep ‎their promises with me
‎and disappeared as a result.
‎I'm counting on you, Assemblyman Sim.
‎Right, yes, of course.
‎Sir, your wife is calling.
‎-What is it? ‎-Honey, something terrible happened.
‎Hye-ri
‎Hye-ri was assaulted by someone at school!
‎Okay.
‎Let's go to Hye-ri's school.
‎Yes, sir.
‎You can't go in.
‎The chairman asked me to come, asshole.
‎Hey, Nam.
‎What's the matter with them?
‎Be quiet.
‎The chairman is inside.
‎You told me to come.
‎So I came.
‎There's been a change of plans.
‎I'll get back to you.
‎Am I some lapdog ‎you can just order around?
‎I thought you knew already.
‎No, I didn't.
‎I didn't know that.
‎This lapdog is leaving.
‎Goddamn it.
‎When in the world is he arriving?
‎Let's go, Hye-ri.
‎How dare he make us wait?
‎Sit down.
‎We should at least talk to him.
‎What took you so long?
‎How on earth did you raise your child ‎for her to act this way?
‎Just look at my child!
‎How can I send her to school now?
‎Why won't you look at her?
‎Take a good look at her!
‎I'm sorry.
‎I've only heard about ‎school violence and bullies.
‎I had no idea Hye-ri was in the same class ‎as someone like her!
‎Dad, I didn't do anything wrong.
‎She and her girls kept harassing me.
‎I took it for as long as I could ‎before fighting back!
‎Kim Min-ji.
‎Be quiet.
‎But she hit me first!
‎Don't you believe me?
‎Min-ji.
‎Mr. Kim, I think you should ‎come to an agreement with the victim.
‎No, forget it.
‎I demand a disciplinary hearing,
‎and I want this on her record.
‎Dad!
‎Don't you have any pride at all?
‎I'm sorry.
‎I've fallen short as a parent
‎since I'm raising her alone.
‎As a fellow parent raising a daughter,
‎I ask that you find it in your heart ‎to forgive us.
‎I'll take responsibility as her father,
‎and have her transferred.
‎Dad!
‎As a fellow parent raising a daughter, ‎you say?
‎Right.
‎It's not easy raising a daughter.
‎Especially on your own.
‎It must've been hard ‎growing up without a mother.
‎It's natural for kids to fight ‎while growing up.
‎We received an apology,
‎so let's settle this matter ‎with her transferring.
‎-Dad! ‎-Honey!
‎We'll leave it at this.
‎Thank you.
‎Min-ji.
‎Kim Min-ji.
‎KIM NAM-HOON
‎What does her father do?
‎I believe he's an ordinary office worker.
‎Thank you for your leniency, Chairman Ju.
‎Thank you. This will never happen again.
‎Of course.
‎Because if something like this ‎happens again,
‎this school and all of you will disappear.
‎Min-ji.
‎Are you hungry?
‎Should we go eat?
‎Min-ji.
‎Kim Min-ji.
‎Why won't you believe me?
‎Of course, I believe you.
‎Then why do I have to transfer?
‎I didn't do anything wrong.
‎Why did you have to grovel and kneel?
‎Is it because Hye-ri's dad ‎is a powerful man?
‎I'm so ashamed.
‎I feel so angry, frustrated, and pathetic.
‎What have you done with your life?
‎Her dad's a rich chairman ‎with lots of connections,
‎but why are you a lowly office worker?
‎Why did you even have me?
‎Min-ji.
‎As my dad
‎As my dad, you mean the world to me.
‎I don't have a mom.
‎You're all I have left,
‎but if you're not on my side
‎They're the bad ones.
‎You, of all people, should've believed me.
‎Let's go home.
‎I don't want to be with you.
‎I'm staying at Hye-ryeong's tonight,
‎so don't call me.
‎If you do,
‎I'll run away from home.
‎Min-ji.
‎It's your birthday tomorrow.
‎Kim Min-ji!
‎I hate my birthday.
‎It's the day Mom died.
‎THE LATE IM YU-JIN
‎These flowers are my favorite.
‎They're called honeysuckles.
‎The meaning behind them is pretty too.
‎Do you know what it is?
‎What is it?
‎Love and
‎-‎devotion. ‎-Devotion.
‎I'm sorry, Yu-jin.
‎I have something to tell you.
‎I'll be at the back gate at school.
‎I'll wait until you get here.
‎DAD
‎The person you are trying to reach ‎is unavailable. You will be redirected
‎I don't want to be with you.
‎I'm staying at Hye-ryeong's tonight,
‎so don't call me.
‎If you do,
‎I'll run away from home.
‎The phone you are calling is turned off. ‎You will be redirected to voicemail.
‎Hello?
‎Is this Kang Hye-ryeong?
‎Yes. Who is this?
‎I'm Min-ji's dad.
‎What? How did you know my number?
‎Min-ji told me.
‎Hye-ryeong, by any chance,
‎were you with Min-ji last night?
‎No.
‎Then have you heard from her at all?
‎I'm hanging up now.
‎Hey, I'm Min-ji's dad.
‎Have you seen her?
‎No, she hasn't come to school yet.
‎Kim Nam-hoon?
‎Did you meet Min-ji yesterday?
‎I didn't send her that DM.
‎hey were these thugs
‎I only heard something ‎about the back gate.
‎I'm sorry.
‎I couldn't do anything
‎because they took my phone.
‎How on earth did you raise your child ‎for her to act this way?
‎We just have to act like ‎we don't know anything.
‎I told everyone to keep quiet, ‎so don't worry.
‎-But you never know. ‎-Just trust me.
‎You know I'm not some low-life thug.
‎Hey, it's all clean now.
‎See? Even the weather is on our side.
‎If someone reported it, ‎the cops would be here already.
‎Nobody will find her.
‎And you said her dad's a loser, right?
‎-Can I ask a question? ‎-Damn it, you scared me!
‎I'm Min-ji's dad.
‎We don't know where she is, ‎so just go on your way.
‎I never said I was looking for her.
‎This is your hair tie, right?
‎It was on the ground.
‎I said go on your way ‎unless you want your ass kicked!
‎-It's yours, right? ‎-Goddamn it.
‎Look at you.
‎-You're dead meat. ‎-I'll ask you one last time.
‎-Where's Min-ji? ‎-Hey, old man.
‎What do you think?
‎Huh?
‎Is it clocking to you that you're screwed?
‎Who the hell do you think you are?
‎You think you're special?
‎Show me, then. ‎Take off your clothes and fight.
‎Want me to take it off for you?
‎Let me go!
‎Put down the gun.
‎Let me go.
‎Discharge me right now!
‎You can't discharge him.
‎You know as well as I do, sir.
‎No one can ever know he exists.
‎Codename 66.
‎A North Korean operative who defected
‎and was recruited ‎by South Korean intelligence.
‎He acted as a double agent ‎on five occasions
‎and has been credited with ‎17 infiltration missions in the North.
‎He led the assassination operation ‎targeting North Korea's supreme commander,
‎prompting China and Russia ‎to assign teams to track him.
‎What the hell?
‎Discharging someone like him ‎is unthinkable.
‎If the North finds out he's still alive,
‎his existence alone
‎will cause a diplomatic crisis.
‎Tell me.
‎Where's Min-ji?
‎AGENT KIM REACTIVATED
‎-The law? ‎-Who the hell are you?
‎I guess
‎I'll just be a middle-aged outlaw.
‎The government denies ‎Agent Kim's existence.
‎Arm the infiltration team.
‎Hey, mister!
‎Is that bastard sleeping right now?
‎In this situation?
‎I'm only keeping you alive ‎because I believe my daughter is.
‎-Daddy! ‎-Is that you, Min-ji?
‎I took care of the girl's body.
‎Subtitle translation by: Jenny Kim